clarifying that links between distros are links (#64787)
openshift/openshift-docs: contributing_to_docs/doc_guidelines.adoc

* All links to internal content is created using `xref` and **must have an anchor ID**.
* Only use `xref` in assemblies, not in modules.
* All links to external websites are created using `link`.

> * Links between different distros, such as from ROSA to OpenShift Container Platform, are external links. They use `link` instead of `xref` and need to be in distro-specific files or conditionalized to apply to the relevant distros.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Links between different distros, such as from ROSA to OpenShift Container Platform, are external links and not cross-references. These external links use `link` instead of `xref` and need to be in distro-specific files or conditionalized to apply to the relevant distros.
```
